README.md, before:

libkqueue
=========

[![Travis CI build status][BuildStatus]][BuildStatusLink]

A user space implementation of the kqueue(2) kernel event notification mechanism
libkqueue acts as a translator between the kevent structure and the native
kernel facilities on Linux, Android, Solaris, and Windows.

Supported Event Types
---------------------

* vnode
* socket
* proc
* user
* timer

Installation - Linux, Solaris
-----------------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make
    make install

Installation - Red Hat
----------------------

    cmake3 -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make
    cpack3 -G RPM

Installation - Debian
---------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make
    cpack -G DEB

Installation - Android
----------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_C_COMPILER=<path to NDK compiler> -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make

Windows (Visual Studio Project)
-------------------------------

    cmake -G "Visual Studio 14 2015" <path to source>
    cmake --build .

Windows (clang/C2) (Visual Studio Project)
------------------------------------------

    cmake -G "Visual Studio 14 2015" -T "LLVM-vs2014" <path to source>
    cmake --build .

Xcode (project)
---------------

    cmake -G "Xcode" <path to source>

Running Unit Tests
------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib -DENABLE_TESTING=YES -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug <path to source>
    make
    make test
    
Debugging
---------

For best results add `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug` to your cmake invocation.
At a minimum ensure -DNDEBUG is *NOT* passed during compilation, otherwise all debug output will be disabled.

The environmental variable `KQUEUE_DEBUG` can then be set to enable debug output from libkqueue.

    KQUEUE_DEBUG=1 <your application>

Building Applications
---------------------

    CFLAGS += -I/usr/include/kqueue
    LDFLAGS += -lkqueue

Tutorials & Examples
--------------------

[Kqueues for Fun and Profit](http://doc.geoffgarside.co.uk/kqueue)

[Handling TCP Connections with Kqueue Event Notification](http://eradman.com/posts//kqueue-tcp.html)

Releases History
----------------

2.0 add support for Android _2013-04-29_

1.0 stable relesae for Linux, Solaris, and Windows _2010-09-18_

[BuildStatus]: https://travis-ci.org/mheily/libkqueue.svg?branch=master "Travis CI status"
[BuildStatusLink]: https://travis-ci.org/mheily/libkqueue

Commit message:

Add sanitizer debug targets (#84)
* Add sanitizer debug targets

Now we have the below new debug build targets

-DENABLE_ASAN=YES  - Address Sanitizer
-DENABLE_LSAN=YES  - Leak Sanitizer
-DENABLE_UBSAN=YES - Undefined Behaviour Sanitizer

README.md, after:

libkqueue
=========

[![Travis CI build status][BuildStatus]][BuildStatusLink]

A user space implementation of the kqueue(2) kernel event notification mechanism
libkqueue acts as a translator between the kevent structure and the native
kernel facilities on Linux, Android, Solaris, and Windows.

Supported Event Types
---------------------

* vnode
* socket
* proc
* user
* timer

Installation - Linux, Solaris
-----------------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make
    make install

Installation - Red Hat
----------------------

    cmake3 -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make
    cpack3 -G RPM

Installation - Debian
---------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make
    cpack -G DEB

Installation - Android
----------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_C_COMPILER=<path to NDK compiler> -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib <path to source>
    make

Windows (Visual Studio Project)
-------------------------------

    cmake -G "Visual Studio 14 2015" <path to source>
    cmake --build .

Windows (clang/C2) (Visual Studio Project)
------------------------------------------

    cmake -G "Visual Studio 14 2015" -T "LLVM-vs2014" <path to source>
    cmake --build .

Xcode (project)
---------------

    cmake -G "Xcode" <path to source>

Running Unit Tests
------------------

    cmake -G "Unix Makefiles" -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=/usr -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR=lib -DENABLE_TESTING=YES -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug <path to source>
    make
    make test
    
Debugging
---------

For best results add `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Debug` to your cmake invocation, this will disable optimisation
and add debugging symbols to ensure your debugger produces usable output, it also enables asserts.

When building under clang and some later versions of GCC, you can add the following flags:

- `-DENABLE_ASAN=YES`, enables address sansitizer (detects use after free issues, and out of bounds accesses).
- `-DENABLE_LSAN=YES`, enables leak sanitizer (detects memory leaks).
- `-DENABLE_UBSAN=YES`, enables undefined behaviour sanitizer (detects misaligned accesses, interger wrap, divide by zero etc...).

The environmental variable `KQUEUE_DEBUG` can then be set to enable debug output from libkqueue and the test utility.

    KQUEUE_DEBUG=1 <your application>

Building Applications
---------------------

    CFLAGS += -I/usr/include/kqueue
    LDFLAGS += -lkqueue

Tutorials & Examples
--------------------

[Kqueues for Fun and Profit](http://doc.geoffgarside.co.uk/kqueue)

[Handling TCP Connections with Kqueue Event Notification](http://eradman.com/posts//kqueue-tcp.html)

Releases History
----------------

2.0 add support for Android _2013-04-29_

1.0 stable relesae for Linux, Solaris, and Windows _2010-09-18_

[BuildStatus]: https://travis-ci.org/mheily/libkqueue.svg?branch=master "Travis CI status"
[BuildStatusLink]: https://travis-ci.org/mheily/libkqueue
